[unitaryHACK] Added `__repr__` method for QNode (#1359)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

K_test = qml.kernels.kernel_matrix(X_train, X_test, kernel)
```

> - Added `__str__` and `__repr__` methods to display readable info when printing QNodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* QNodes now display readable information when in interactive environments or when printed.
```
